Add an error message when dedicated index declaration contains duplicates (#14100)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

Breaking Changes
================

> - Added duplicate column check to
>   :ref:`named index column definition <named-index-column>`. Duplicate entry
>   used to be silently ignored, now it shows an error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Raise an exception if duplicate columns are detected on
  :ref:`named index column definition <named-index-column>` instead of
  silently ignoring them.
```
